Feat/docs, switching to readthedocs (#79)
rinikerlab/lightweight-registration: docs/source/registrationdetails.rst

Registration Details
=====================

> The determination of uniqueness is the core of any chemical registration system, 
> meaning the method to decide weather two molecular structures are the same or not.
> lwreg uses a hash-based approach to identify duplicates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method for the determination of uniqueness, deciding whether or not two structures are the same, is the core of any chemical registration system. lwreg uses a hash-based approach to identify duplicates. 
```

> As all comparisons are simply string comparisons, lwreg is a fast approach in any modern database system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As all comparisons are simply string comparisons, lwreg is a fast approach in any modern database system and does not require any database extensions for handling chemical structures.
```

Methodology of Molecule Hash Computation
----------------------------------------

> lwreg makes uses of the RDKit's RegistrationHash functionality. 

Reviewer: Maybe link to the documentation for this?
https://rdkit.org/docs/source/rdkit.Chem.RegistrationHash.html
